difficult assignments can come in many forms. One could be, um you get
stationed to Africa for an entire year. Another could be. You could
stationed, um, to a war zone. Um, you can come back with PTSD. Uh,
you could come back with a riel angst with from four other people. You
know, maybe you had a bad crew that you were working with, Or maybe,
um, you were always on edge because of being in that war zone. So
all of these things, the navy is really good about informing you what
could happen. And they actually talk to your family before you leave
to give them kind of a heads up about what you could be experiencing.
The most important thing is that you have communication with
your family while you're gone, or while you're in that difficult, difficult
time. If they have some kind of communication with you, they
can see how you're changing. And then they can either tell your command
or you can give them some kind of. So you could give them some
kind of support from wherever you are, so that they could go through
it a little bit better